The main goal of the CoastWatch Utilities software is to aid data users in working with NOAA/NESDIS
CoastWatch satellite data. CoastWatch data is distributed as individual files in a scientific data format
that is not recognized by standard image viewers, and the CoastWatch Utilities are useful for manipulating
data and creating images from CoastWatch data for both recreational and scientific applications.
CoastWatch data files contain:
1. Global file attributes that describe the date/time and location of the earth data in the file, as well
as any relevant data processing details.
2. Earth data as a set of two-dimensional numerical arrays, each with a unique name. These variables
hold the actual scientific data and accompanying attributes, such as scaling factor and units, that
describe how to use the data values.
The CoastWatch Utilities allow users to selectively access and extract this information in a number of
ways.


The EZText Write Utilty Version 1.0 (P/N EZ-TEXTWRITE) was created to
allow you to transfer an existing EZText Programming Software Project to a
single EZText Panel, an EZ Multiplexer only, or to an EZ Multiplexer and its
connected EZText Panels. This manual will take you through the steps
necessary to transfer a project using the utility software. It is to be used with
the following Automationdirect.com products:
• EZText Panels provide a man-machine interface to your PLC
automation system. The panels provide features such as 5 userdefined
pushbuttons with LED indicators, arrow adjust buttons,
and a built-in menu system. The panels communicate with a PLC
using either RS-232C or RS-422A/485A serial communication.
• The EZ Multiplexer is a communication master unit and was
designed to allow up to 5 EZText Panels to communicate with a
single PLC.
• EZText Programming Software, Version 2.0, is an easy-to-use,
yet comprehensive program. EZText Panels are configured with
software running on an IBM or compatible personal computer.
This software is available through Automationdirect.com, part
number EZ-TEXTEDIT. The software is used to create message
programs and download your configuration before connecting the
panel and communicating with a PLC. You will design and
configure your EZText Panel program off-line and save it to disk.
The program may then be transferred to the EZText Panel.
The EZText Write Utilty allows you to write existing projects to an EZText
Panel(s) and/or EZMultiplexer without having to install EZText Programming
Software on your computer. Using EZText Write Utility saves time when all you
need to do is transfer projects


The NodeUtil Node Utility is a console application for Microsoft® Windows®
systems that can be used with Echelon’s family of network interfaces (including
the PCLTA-20, PCLTA-21, PCC-10, i.LON 10, i.LON 100, i.LON 600, i.LON
SmartServer, SLTA-10, U10, and U20 network interfaces) to diagnose and
configure LONWORKS® network interfaces, routers, and devices.
NodeUtil works with Echelon’s OpenLDV network driver, which is included with
several Echelon software tools, such as the LNS Turbo Edition and the LonMaker
Integration Tool Turbo Edition. You can also download the OpenLDV network
driver royalty-free from www.echelon.com/openldv.
NodeUtil is a low-level test and diagnostic tool—it is not a network management
tool. It allows you to view and modify the configuration of a single device, but
does not manage a device’s configuration in the context of the network containing
the device. 


The NodeLoad Utility lets you download transceiver parameters
or application software into Echelon’s Free Topology Smart
Transceivers (FT 3120®, FT 3150®, and FT 5000 Smart
Transceivers), Echelon’s Power Line Smart Transceivers (PL
3120, PL 3150, and PL 3170™ Smart Transceivers), and
Echelon’s Neuron® 5000 Processor, even after they have been
soldered into a device. 


Introduction
The STM32 ST-LINK utility software facilitates fast in-system programming of the STM32
microcontroller families in development environments via the ST-LINK and ST-LINK/V2
tools.
This user manual describes the software functions of the STM32 ST-LINK utility. When
working with the STM32 ST-LINK utility, it is recommended to download the ST-LINK incircuit
debugger/programmer for STM8 and STM32 microcontrollers User manual
(UM0627) or the ST-LINK/V2 in-circuit debugger/programmer for STM8 and STM32 User
manual (UM1075), which provides more information about the ST-LINK tools.